[Music]
five friends head to a remote cabin
where the discovery of a book of the
dead leads them to unwittingly summon up
demons living in the nearby woods
welcome to total recaps today we will
explain a 2013 horror titled evil dead
take a seat and enjoy
a young lady covered in blood walks
through the woods at the opening of the
film
a person follows her and finally leaps
on her tossing a sack over her head and
whacking her with the butt of his axe
the lady awakens in a basement in the
company of a woman who speaks only welsh
the father of the young lady comes in
front of her
when she asks for her mother the father
informs her that she murdered her the
elderly lady pressurizes the father to
murder his daughter so he douses her
with gas as she begs him not to
the young lady warns him that she will
devour his soul before he can light a
match
her eyes become yellow and she looks
demonic and begins writing as the father
drops the match
the father pulls out a shotgun declares
his love for her and then blows her head
off her shoulders
later a vehicle is going to a peaceful
area of the woods where a cabin is
located
david his girlfriend natalie and their
pals olivia and eric are introduced
there is also mia who is david's sister
mia complains about a weird smell as the
party enters the cabin
mia a recovering drug addict takes a bag
of powdered cocaine from her purse and
dumps it down the well resolving to stop
using drugs for good olivia informs
david that this isn't the first time
they've attempted to completely cut mia
off of her drugs
she begins to scream later that evening
indicating that she is experiencing
withdrawal symptoms
olivia administers a sedative but mia
continues to complain of an awful smell
that no one else notices
grandpa their dog sniffs around the
floor and discovers a basement entrance
hidden under a rug when david and eric
enter the cellar they find the smell is
emanating from decaying animal corpses
they also stumble upon a weird looking
book that looks ancient the following
day eric cracks open the books cover
which is scrolled with warnings such as
leave this book alone and do not [ __ ]
read this
eric naturally flips through it and
comes on a page with some scrub phrases
and a warning not to speak write or hear
what's within he covers the book with a
sheet of paper and uses a pencil to
shade over it exposing some words that
he starts to read at the same time mia
who is outside starts to feel sick and
hears a weird voice calling her she
enters the cabin and begins gathering
her belongings stating that she will no
longer be present
she climbs out the window and takes
eric's vehicle but as she drives through
the woods she notices the figure and
crashes the car into a marsh mia
attempts to get out when she wakes up
but a person emerges from the marsh and
she flees falling into a thorn bush the
branches and sticks encircle her arms
and legs and the person who seems to be
a bloodied and horrific version of
herself regurgitates a black wormy
creature with thorns that climbs mia's
leg and enters her
when david and olivia hear her cry they
go out to locate her
she was allegedly attempting to hurt
herself according to the group when
david enters her chamber she informs him
that something is in the room with him
when he walks outdoors he notices blood
on the ground
he looks for grandpa in a hole under the
tool shed and finds him
david pulls him from the hole but he's
already dead
mia brutalized the dog to death with a
hammer that was laying nearby according
to david he rushes back inside the cabin
hoping to see mia but she's in the
shower
she raises the temperature of the water
until it is scorching hot and her skin
begins to burn
she is quickly rescued by the group
eric sees an image of a creature with
flaming flesh on an open page in the
book as mia is frothing at the mouth
david puts her in his jeep and drives
her to the hospital
unfortunately the roads are flooded so
he will have to turn around olivia gives
another sedative to mia but she then
enters the living room with a rifle
mia lets out a terrifying scream as she
raises it up and shoots near david and
the door swings open
you're all going to die tonight she adds
in a possessed voice olivia then tries
to take the rifle away from mia but mia
vomits huge amount of blood all over her
olivia shoves her down the basement
which eric seals
he believes it has something to do with
the items discovered in the basement
olivia attempts to wash the blood and
vomit off of herself but the mirror
shatters as she sees a mangled picture
of herself
she goes away then stops and twitches
her eyes as she wets herself
next to olivia the book suddenly opens
to a page showing a person wielding a
knife in their severed facial flesh
olivia is ripping the skin off her face
with the shattered glasses eric enters
the bathroom
he staggers backwards and slides on the
skin of the cheek
olivia stabs him in the face with a
needle and then with the shattered glass
just as david and natalie walk in eric
pushes her off and breaks a piece of the
toilet which he uses to beat her to
death
eric's wounds are being treated by david
he informs david that it's his fault
since he opened the book and that it's
his responsibility that this is
happening
when natalie returns to the living room
she discovers that the cellar door has
been left open
mia is still sobbing and pleading for
assistance
mia's voice turns low demonic and
menacing when natalie attempts to dive
down and grab her stating he won't stop
until he is all of you natalie attempts
to flee but mia grabs her hand and bites
it she attempts to defend herself with a
box cutter but mia snatches it and cuts
her tongue in half
natalie is grabbed and kissed and her
mouth are filled with blood
david locates them and rescues natalie
they slam the basement door shut
trapping meal within
david discovers eric attempting to set
the book on fire but it won't burn he
informs david of what he has learned
from the book a terrible creature has
been released and it is bound to me a
soul it is looking for a group of souls
to unleash something known as the
abomination natalie on the other hand is
having some serious issues with the bite
wound on her hand
something inside her arm starts to
spread and she notices a knife mia comes
out of the basement to warn natalie not
to cut it off but natalie cuts her arm
as her arm comes off david and eric
track her down
eric informs david that there are three
options for ending this burying mia
alive decapitating her or burning her
alive
eric considers david a coward since he
refuses to do any of it
natalie enters now possessed and she
pulls out a nail gun and fires at eric
who is pierced by a few nails
natalie begins beating david with a
crowbar as he attempts to grab the
weapon
eric fires a nail gun at her prompting
her to begin bludgeoning him with the
crowbar
david shoots her hand off with the gun
before she can administer the deadly
blow before she dies natalie seems to
return to normal moaning about the agony
with mia still inside david ultimately
decides to burn the cabin down
he pours gasoline on the floor but
before he can put down the lighter mia
begins singing a lullaby that their
mother used to sing and david is unable
to respond
a bolt of lightning hits a tree outside
causing it to catch fire
he devises a new strategy
he takes two syringes and some other
equipment and starts to dig a hole
outdoors he makes his way down to the
basement he comes upon mia who cuts him
with a box cutter
she attempts to drown him but eric
intervenes and strikes mia david
confronts eric and he finally dies david
drags mia outdoors and begins burying
her as he begs him to stop with her
original voice he buries her fully then
waits till the rain stops and the fire
on the tree dies out david then digs mia
from the ground
he takes a vehicle battery and inserts
the syringes into mia's chest in an
attempt to resurrect her
she does not return
he tears up as he covers her body and
goes away
mia on the other hand stands and
approaches david she's back to her old
self and they hug
the two return to the cabin to retrieve
the keys to david's jeep but david is
followed by a possessed eric who stabs
him in the neck
he takes out his gun and fires at the
gasoline canister causing the cabin to
burst into flames and killing himself
and eric for good it begins to pour
blood outside
mia is grabbed by a hand that erupts
from the earth
it's the abomination
it pursues mia who attempts to escape by
grabbing a chainsaw from the tool shed
she hides under the jeep and manages to
[ __ ] the abomination by slicing off
its legs
however when she attempts to flee the
abomination turns the jeep over crushing
mia's arm
she yanks herself free cutting her arm
in the process
the abomination moves closer to mia but
she slams her crippled arm into the
chainsaw's handle and kills it its body
decomposes and returns to the earth the
rain has stopped and the sun has emerged
mia goes away first no more but alone
meanwhile outside the burning cabin the
book closes itself and waits for its
next victims
thank you for watching if you want to
see more make sure to subscribe and turn
on notifications
see you later